what do you look towards much while
knowing the budget knowing like what
what the production behind this movie is
the VFX just because I love that stuff
I'm excited about Shane black the most
I'm excited about the writing the most I
hope he shows some classic Kiss Kiss
Bang Bang Lethal Weapon kind of humor
that he's known for
I would say it's as good as Avengers I
restored faith in cinema I do think
there were some issues I it's it's a
movie that's so easy to like and it's
kind of difficult we are back from
seeing Iron Man 3 we saw an IMAX 3d yep
and we were gonna discuss it a bit it's
coming out this weekend and we thought
we've learned back the review we were
excited this is the first movie
initiating us in the Marvel phase 2 yeah
which is cool but more importantly and
it's made abundantly clear this is kind
of the wrapping up of the Iron Man
trilogy they're kind of saying this of
the Iron Man solo movies this looks like
it's gonna be the end he thinks up I
don't think so I don't I don't know I'd
say give it two or three years things
will change
I remember Kevin Feige saying something
along the lines of and this was a while
ago saying and he'd like to see it go in
a James Bond way the Marvel Cinematic
Universe so eventually somebody will
take over the shoes the very big shoes
to fill
Robert Downey jr. well let's talk about
this movie I loved it I enjoyed it a lot
I loved it I mean what Ari I enjoyed it
a lot too it's a very difficult movie
not to enjoy and not to like for me it
was a little tough to love it's I feel
like pacing wise it's great you're never
bored it's funny it's fun the audience
was really responsive to it
Shane Black's writing is kind of you
know it has a really nice bite to it
I like him as a writer a lot a lot of
scenes to me weren't like 80 to 90
percent like they just weren't quite at
100% but that's not a bad place to be
now especially when you consider it came
after I meant it
yeah I mean that's also a tough thing
that they're dealing with yeah like
whatever your feelings are about Iron
Man I think it's more like it's coming
after Avengers and they even make a
couple references the Hulk has a
reference Thor has a reference
it's more like dialogue they say yeah
things about it presumably though
surprisingly for me one of the biggest
achievements I find in this movie is
going after the gargantuan success that
is the adventures they are completely
avoiding the
world they also marvel for everyone
thought yeah I like that thought exactly
it's like if you didn't see it
why are you here anyway but it's funny
because like they have so much at stake
with Marvel Cinematic Universe they how
many films are in the universe they are
doing a TV show now all that stuff and
they really make made an effort beyond
logic really because we're shields like
it doesn't really make reference
yeah like should it straight all the
terror that's considering what you just
said though it kind of makes sense
because if they so much is riding on the
super mobile Cinematic Universe they
don't want one movie to be able to
exactly so if they if they kind of keep
everything with pockets with fun little
references I think that like you know it
you know if Thor the dark world isn't
widely beloved or whatever
mm-hm which we don't know yet it didn't
come out maybe hopefully it will be yeah
they don't have to worry about Avengers
yeah suffering from Robert Downey jr. is
settled in a Tony Stark's so well oh hi
Don Cheadle yeah
liked him shaft more in this than he
only did was I thought so yeah this one
he's shooting he's jumping he does this
thing the gliding thing yeah I
absolutely love Guy Pearce go Tigers and
yeah and who doesn't act enough cuz he
was a memento yeah I think kind of fell
off the earth he's been working
consistently but this he's lately been
getting like really high-profile stuff
which is awesome yeah oh yeah Prometheus
Ben Kingsley was great yeah he way up
through the end freakin tastic there's a
little bit among I don't want to spoil
the whole thing there's a bit of a twist
with him and he handles everything
beautifully perfectly because he's so
it's not just like that the punch of his
character is so well it's again it isn't
he's so funny in it but everything
leading up to that he handles completely
perfectly straight strand everything and
it like it's genuinely threatening yeah
if it wasn't would have killed that I
loved everything with the kids yeah we
goes my favorite part about this yeah
let's talk about I cuz I like it
I saw kid I'm like oh no Jake Lloyd
Anakin Skywalker
we're gonna have this like crappy pod
race coming up
we're like you know little eyes this
suit yeah yeah I was so worried that the
kid was gonna put the suit on and be
like a mannequin I'm in I gets hit by
truck yeah yeah but instead I kind of
thought like if I was eight years old
that I had to see myself as him and I'm
looking up to this great American Hero
even they even had a guy it was like
Gary is the guy in the truck who's like
there's a tattoo right yeah that's like
the adult fanboy that we have the kid
fanboy yeah there's a whole middle
section of Ennis isn't really getting
the too big spoiler territory there's a
whole middle section where Tony Stark is
kind of without the suit in a tennessee
tennessee tennessee in the winter and
that was my favorite part absolutely
seeing tony stark kind of you said it
cuz he's a genius and an adventurer guy
solving a mystery and yeah and being a
MacGyver yeah out of his element yeah in
this kind of like in this tennessee town
was really really fun to watch and
really entertaining for Matt and the
kids really good the kid is great and I
I do think that a we were talking about
this earlier you brought up a Richard
Roper or was it real quick it's
whoever's writing on Roger Ebert calm
right right right yeah date woman what
do they say cuz I I don't know the exact
verbage but the gist of it is is that
the movie oscillates between wanting you
to take it very very seriously and
sneering at the fact that anyone would
take a movie seriously at all yeah and I
I know you didn't exactly agree with
that right yeah nobody Kataklysm oh yeah
that is kind of hid the way you guys
think and I think it's very funny cuz
and it's almost a compliment it's it I
think it's a compliment shame to like
when I sentence but when I came out of
the Avengers
I wanted to rewatch all the phase one
again yeah like when I come out of any
franchise that I enjoy like a movie that
I enjoy I want agree watch the first
film so you know just get involved in
that world they just punch me out for
everything
I come out Iron Man 3 I want to watch
kiss kiss baby while we're talking about
Shane black yeah the man seems perfectly
incapable of making a movie that does
not take place during Christmas
it just really is an 80s action movie
never die hard
yeah is it Christmas is a Christmas
movie yeah
lethal weapon
she wrote Christmas movie this
inexplicably a Christmas movie it also
has a bunch of set pieces that would be
familiar to anybody who's who who's a
fan of yeah these like hanging the bad
guys hanging somebody is torture um you
know the bad guys with the ponytail
henchmans like doing quips with them
before she's which is something I
actually really really enjoy I think
this totally they run into some problems
but I think overall that gives a really
fun tone to the movie and I think that
that's what the Iron Man movies have
kind of set out this is not the Dark
Knight movie they're not serious heavy
movies he goes through emotional changes
but these are fun movies and Tony Stark
is a fun character I I do think
inherently the biggest problem I had
with Iron Man 3 is that it offers like
the scenario for emotional resonance
like there are the arcs that that they
like very consciously placed these arcs
here yeah they just are executed poorly
I mean the post-traumatic stress
disorder
I don't know but it's vital it's handled
I don't think it's accurate but I also
don't know anyone with it the way the
way the way they handled the
post-traumatic stress disorder and they
kind of do it it's not to be fair it's
not really like I know diagnosis poster
man and I agree Clemmy started
struggling with what happened yeah yeah
but the way they handle it is kind of
the way they handled his alcoholism or
potential alcoholism and Iron Man if it
was a gap which is yeah he's like a
drunken frat boy throwing each other
around an Iron Man 2 as opposed to doing
you know the real demon seated which
whatever that's another story but he
they can never do that in this
university well the thing is is that it
kind of chose this line of they're
making these like movies they couldn't
do the demon in the bottle storyline
they can't the post traumatic stress
disorder thing doesn't really work very
well why'd you do it yeah that's a
question
yeah just make Tony Stark you know a
down like you know he's in enough
trouble as it is so like I I don't feel
like they needed that added kind of like
emotional
like what's what's the emotional trauma
he suffered from the Avengers like these
are like movies the aliens invaded New
York I didn't really need to see what
happens yeah real person when that
happens especially since they builds up
at the beginning like oh I've been
having these nightmares I'm having these
panic yeah it doesn't go anywhere
well of the action sequences what did
you I am led you I was supposed to say
something the planet there's the plane
sequence the different MacGyver sequence
Susan MacGyver yeah MacGyver just dizzy
it's just them it shamed like in his
element of writing like funny situations
they're running humorous ways to get out
of situations also just like in the
first one it's like what appealed to
people about that movie was like it's
about it's got cute like the perfect
blend of humor in action I think that
one brings that back again whereas the
second one kind of lost right is an ad
to be honest present for the Avengers to
be completely honest I actually with all
the Iron Man movies I'm into I'm into
him for the most part two-thirds of the
way and then once it goes to the last
battle sequences which it just turns
into transformers like we're about city
each other I if they always do now like
when they have a transformers what I
like but in a good way I like this one
because at least it was so funny Oh bad
guys oh this one yeah yeah I'm evilly
right is really in the town and the
final set piece which is huge yeah in
the trailers we see there's a lot of
suits involved right and the way that
all those suits interact with him and
interact with each other yeah he's
really inventive the action sequences
definitely keep accelerating though and
I think that's important with like those
summer blockbuster movies mm-hmm you
have to keep going higher and higher and
higher and reach climax wears a lot of
action movies that's like the ones that
suck they don't have accomplished that
what was your favorite
definitely the ending anything that has
like a hundred robots coming together on
a giant construction site really are
like an oil field whatever that was you
know it's it's I wanna say the sound
design was the first thing I noticed
just cuz that's what I like yeah that's
awesome like it's that SFX and then the
everything is crashing around them and
you know that the stakes are high
compared to like Iron Man 2 I didn't
really have that it was like let's just
put a fight scene because the movies
gonna be done soon yeah you get to see a
lot of the different kinds of Iron Man
armors about them having to invest too
much into showing you a lot of the
difference it'll help us during the
whole buster suit very quickly we see
like you know the space flight suit very
quickly right I'm the kind of favor
different one one thing that they've
always really been good at in this whole
series is giving the technology of
personality yeah yeah you know like in
the first one he had these little drones
that are really finding they're in this
one as well and Jarvis is his main
computer always has like a really funny
dry personality and having the suits in
the way that they move or the way that
they make mistakes or and right it keeps
this air of lightness and n kinds FA or
levity and and slapstick kind of totally
if she comes like three stooges it makes
it really endearing and it makes the
emotional moments I think it cuts them
is maybe a problem but I think that's
good because sometimes like you said
they haven't quite earned them so
cutting them might be the right thing to
do you know what that's a really
interesting no to because if they didn't
cut them we're left with a kind of empty
feeling a flat mode yeah instead they
writing often emotional moment that
didn't even really work yeah so if you
put a joke in it right then the audience
connects to it you're not left with a
flat moment see it is that shame black
being really smart about the way he
writes or being really aware that hey I
can't really make this moment between
Tony and pepper work either
I mean honestly either as being smart
about how he writes right so um
something we were talking about in the
car on our way back was the the
actuality of violence which is very much
in tone with kind of the same black
where the daughter action movie okay
we're just getting the shot yeah they're
both no remorse even there's no real
head of a James Bond coldness yeah which
is sort of like a vendor's did not have
that this is the first I've seen well
adventures also had the benefit of New
York just clearing the hell out
yeah pedestrians Tony was was killing
people
yeah with guns and things like that
which is we ever really seen I mean we
know he's not bad man we know he's
numbers waiting we know he doesn't
really have a code but we know he's well
we haven't seen him straight up point a
gun at someone and shoot them yeah like
he'll he'll fight a bunch of people in
robots and they'll die that kind of
thing but seeing that was a little
uneasy for me because you want your
heroes to have a little more of a sense
of moral superiority than the bad guys
yeah which he does but you know I agree
I like this movie this movie I think is
more interesting than both the previous
films but it makes me miss the emotional
resonance that actually was there and I
went one so that's where I'm going with
it and the Avengers is the best out of
all well I didn't really even like care
about emotional resonance I thought it
was awesome to go I mean sure the
characters moved kind of like chess
pieces from place to place to place but
like as far as an action James Bond kind
of movie it definitely had that every
action sequence was like I want to say
flawless but I'm sure there are
positives and see you see that's my
thing like the craftsmanship of like
visual effects sound effects I don't
know it's I won't say engaging and
gripping of the words I would use right
right and I I don't want to like it
dismiss what you're saying but that was
the same argument heard from people who
defended inception to me because they
were like well I don't care about the
emotional resonance it's cool
slick characters doing cool slick thing
I mean it's not because 300 that's just
like macho violence we're activating
that that like like Inception though
it's it cares about emotional investment
the filmmakers care about emotional
investment because they actually drew
this the scenes out for them they just
didn't resume I really really enjoyed it
I thought again I had like some you know
a few little minor problems with it but
eighty ninety percent any better place
to be and I it's my second favorite of
the Iron Man movies behind Iron Man one
I meant to out of there but I thought it
was really fun I had a smile on my face
a lot and I laughed a lot there was no
moment that I was bored all right and I
can't hold much against a movie that
entertains me through the entire runtime
all right you know and I do it makes me
really excited for Phase two
I'm excited I'm excited phase two is
coming lightly breathing my favorite
credit sequence for any superhero yes
they through the way that they handle
the credits just like a 70s retro thing
it's great sure let us know what you
think comment below we know you're
seeing it this weekend some of you may
have seen it some of our overseas
friends how's the early risers who wants
a midnight screams but he likes the 3d
did you did you not so let us know what
you think we obviously were fans we had
our little problems but we all enjoyed
ourselves yeah instead of seemingly
everybody in the audience so until next
time I'm Ryan David Andrew it thank you
for watching